---
layout: about 
---

> I served as a captain in the ROK Army for seven years, working in information security with AI.  
> I spent the first five years as a security researcher at the Agency for Defense Development (ADD), where I researched the application of deep learning in the field of cybersecurity.
> The next two years were spent at ROK Cyber Operations Command, where I contributed to military security by researching and analyzing operational applications which I was skilled at.  
> I earned a Master's degree in Information Security at Korea University under the supervision of [Seong-Jun Oh](https://scholar.google.co.kr/citations?user=ebq6ex0AAAAJ).
> My master's thesis focused on `Learning with noisy labels` through data sampling.

# Major News

- `2024.11.29` Our team won the excellence prize(Chief of Staff, R.O.K Air Force) at MAICON(Military AI CONtest) 2024.
- `2024.11.7` Out team won the 2nd prize at FSI(Financial Security Institute) AIxData Challenge 2024.
- `2024.8.23` I received an M.S. degree at Korea University.
- `July 2024` Co-TES has been accepted to Pattern Recognition Letters.
- `September 2023` "Exploiting TTP Co-Occurrence via GloVe-Based Embedding With MITRE ATT&CK Framework" has been accepted to IEEE Access.

# Education

- M.S. degree in Information Security, Korea University, Seoul, Republic of Korea (2020.3 ~ 2024.8)
- B.Eng. in Cyber Defense, Korea University, Seoul, Republic of Korea (2014.3 ~ 2018.2)
    - Cybersecurity Circle `CyKor` (2015~2017)
- Incheon Science High School, Incheon, Republic of Korea (2012.3 ~ 2014.2)
    - `Majored in` Chemistry / Mathematics

# Experience
## Work and Research Experience

- Security Engineer/Team Leader, ROK Cyber Operations Command (ROK C.O.C.), Republic of Korea (2023.8 ~ 2025.5)
  - Network log analysis and program development using AI and statistics
  - Others: `Confidential` 
- Cybersecurity Researcher, Agency for Defense Development (ADD), Seoul, Republic of Korea (2018.7 ~ 2023.8)
  - Techniques to disrupt nation-sponsored cyberattacks' goals (2020.11 ~ 2023.7)
    - In charge of APT attack classification and goal prediction.  
    - Also code integration manager within team.
    - Published 2 international [papers](#publications)([J1, J2]) and two [patents](#patent)([p2], [p3]).
  - Techniques to improve fuzzing performance with deep learning (2018.11 ~ 2020.10)
    - In charge of seed scheduling algorithms.
    - Also code integration manager within team.
    - Published one [patent](#patent)([p1]) and reported five [CVEs](#cve).

## Other Experiences
- CCDCOE LockedShields 2024 Blue Team (2024.4)
  - Member of `system hardening` and `dev` team.
  - `Linux system hardening`, `Window system hardening`, `Automation with Ansible/Fabric`
- Next-generation security leader training program "Best of the Best" (2016.07 ~ 2017.01)
  - Vulnerability detection track

## Honors and Awards
- `2024.11.29` Excellence prize(Chief of Staff, R.O.K Air Force) at MAICON(Military AI CONtest) 2024.
- `2024.11.20` Major General's Commendation at ROK Cyber Operations Command (ROK C.O.C.) for Cyber Operation.
- Excellence prize(Chief of Staff, R.O.K Air Force) at MAICON(Military AI CONtest) 2024.
- `2024.11.7` 2nd prize at FSI(Financial Security Institute) AIxData Challenge 2024.
- Full Tuition Scholarship (Korea University) (2014.3 ~ 2018.2)  
  from Ministry of National Defense, Republic of Korea

## CVE
- CVE-2020-24240 (ADD, Seoul National University)
    >GNU Bison before 3.7.1 has a use-after-free in _obstack_free in lib/obstack.c (called from gram_lex) when a '\0' byte is encountered. NOTE: there is a risk only if Bison is used with untrusted input, and the observed bug happens to cause unsafe behavior with a specific compiler/architecture. The bug report was intended to show that a crash may occur in Bison itself,not that a crash may occur in code that is generated by Bison.
- CVE-2020-24241 (ADD, Seoul National University)
    >In Netwide Assembler (NASM) 2.15rc10, there is heap use-after-free in saa_wbytes in nasmlib/saa.c.
- CVE-2020-24242 (ADD, Seoul National University)
    >In Netwide Assembler (NASM) 2.15rc10, SEGV can be triggered in tok_text in asm/preproc.c by accessing READ memory.
- CVE-2020-24977 (ADD, Seoul National University)
    >GNOME project libxml2 v2.9.10 has a global buffer over-read vulnerability in xmlEncodeEntitiesInternal at libxml2/entities.c.
- CVE-2020-24978 (ADD, Seoul National University)
    >In NASM 2.15.04rc3, there is a double-free vulnerability in pp_tokline asm/preproc.c.
- ```Reject``` ~~CVE-2020-24979 (ADD, Seoul National University)~~
- ```Reject``` ~~CVE-2020-24980 (ADD, Seoul National University)~~


# Publications
## International Journals and Conferences
- <span style="color:#FF6666">[J3]</span> Co–TES: Learning noisy labels with a Co-Teaching Exchange Student method  
  ***Chanho shin*** and Changhee Choi  
  <span style="color:#FF9999">Pattern Recognition Letters</span>
- <span style="color:#FF6666">[J2]</span> Exploiting TTP Co-Occurrence via GloVe-Based Embedding With MITRE ATT&CK Framework  
  ***Chanho shin***, Insup Lee, and Changhee Choi  
  <span style="color:#FF9999">IEEE Access 2023</span>
- <span style="color:#FF6666">[J1]</span> Performance evaluation method of cyber attack behaviour forecasting based on mitigation  
  Changhee Choi, Sunguk Shin, and ***Chanho Shin***  
  <span style="color:#FF9999">The 12th international conference on ICT convergence (2021 ICTC)</span>

## Patent

- <span style="color:#FF6666">[P3]</span> Method for training attack prediction model and device therefor  
    Changhee Choi, **Chanho Shin**, Sunguk Shin, Seongyeon Seo, and Insup Lee  
    U.S. Patent Number. US20230308462A1, September 28th, 2023. [[link]](https://patents.google.com/patent/US20230308462A1/en)  
- <span style="color:#FF6666">[P2]</span> METHOD FOR TRAINING ATTACK PREDICTION MODEL AND DEVICE THEREFOR  
    Changhee Choi, **Chanho Shin**, Sunguk Shin, Seongyeon Seo, and Insup Lee  
    Republic of Korea. Patent Number. 10-2022-0037634, March 25th, 2023.  
- <span style="color:#FF6666">[P1]</span> Method And Apparatus For Scheduling Seed File In Fuzzing  
    Pilkeun Park, **Chanho Shin**, Seounghun Jeong, and Taein Kang  
    Republic of Korea. Patent Number. 10-2020-0102581, January 14th, 2022.

## Domestic Journals and Conferences

- Insup Lee, ***Chanho Shin***, and Changhee Choi, “Mutating Cyber Camapaign With TTP Word Replacement,” in Proc. of the KIMST Annual Conference, Jun. 2023.
- ***Chanho Shin***, Insup Lee, and Changhee Choi, “Towards GloVe-Based TTP Embedding With ATT&CK Framework,” in Proc. of the KIMST Annual Conference, Jun. 2023.
- Changhee Choi, Insup Lee, ***Chanho Shin***, and Sungho Lee, “Cyber Threat Campaign Analysis Based on PEGASUS and RoBERTa Model,” in Proc. of the KIMST Annual Conference, Jun. 2023.
- Insup Lee, ***Chanho Shin***, Sunguk Shin, Seongyeon Seo, and Changhee Choi, “Analyzing Cyberattack Campaign Similarity via TTP Sequence Embedding,” in Proc. of the KIMST Annual Conference, Jun. 2022.
- Sunguk Shin, Insup Lee, ***Chanho Shin***, Seongyeon Seo, and Changhee Choi, “Cyber Campaign Analysis With TTP Embedding Using TF-IDF,” in Proc. of the KIMST Annual Conference, Jun. 2022.
- ***Chanho Shin***, Sunguk Shin, Insup Lee, Seongyeon Seo, and Changhee Choi, “Classifying TTP Based on CIA Labeling,” in Proc. of the KIMST Annual Conference, Jun. 2022.
- Changhee Choi, ***Chanho Shin***, Sunguk Shin, Seongyeon Seo, and Insup Lee, “Cyber Attack Group Classification Using Siamese LSTM,” in Proc. of the KIMST Annual Conference, Jun. 2022.
- ***Chan Ho Shin*** and Changhee Choi, "Cyberattack Goal Classification Based on MITRE ATT&CK: CIA Labeling", Journal of Internet Computing and Services, Dec. 2022. 
- Changhee Choi, ***Chanho Shin***, and Sunguk Shin, "Cyber attack group classification based on MITRE ATT&CK model", Journal of Internet Computing and Services, Dec. 2022.
- Sungyoung Cho, Yongwoo Park, Kunho Lee, Changhee Choi, ***Chanho Shin***, and Kyeongsik Lee, "An APT Attack Scoring Method Using MITRE ATT&CK", Journal of The Korea Institute of Information Security and Cryptology, Aug. 2022.
- ***Chanho Shin***, Sunguk Shin, and Changhee Choi, "Classifying the goal of cyber attack based on CIA labeling", Korean Society for Internet Information Spring Conference, Apr. 2022.
- Sunguk Shin, ***Chanho Shin***, and Changhee Choi, "Cyber threat country classification with attack technique embedding", Korean Society for Internet Information Spring Conference, Apr. 2022.
- Changhee Choi, ***Chanho Shin***, and Sunguk Shin, "Cyber attack group classification based on TTP Information", Korean Society for Internet Information Spring Conference, Apr. 2022.
- ***Chanho Shin***, Sunguk Shin, Seongyeon Seo, Insup Lee, and Changhee Choi, “Embedding and Training RNN to Estimating the Goal of Cyber Attack,” in Proc. of the KIMST Fall Conference, Nov. 2021.
- Sunguk Shin, ***Chanho Shin***, Seongyeon Seo, Insup Lee, and Changhee Choi, “The Proposed Approach for Country Prediction With TTP-based Cyber Data Using GCN,” in Proc. of the KIMST Fall Conference, Nov. 2021.
- Changhee Choi, ***Chanho Shin***, Sunguk Shin, Seongyeon Seo, and Insup Lee, “Deep Learning for Estimating Next Action of Cyber Attack,” in Proc. of the KIMST Fall Conference, Nov. 2021.
- ***Chan Ho Shin***, "Analysis of Research Trends on Fuzzing Seeds Files", Korean Institute of Information Scientists and Engineers, Dec. 2019.


# Skills

- ```Programming / CS```  **python**, C, fuzzing
- ```Language``` **Korean**, English, Japanese(N3)


<small> Last Update: December 2024 </small>
